Support etcd client authentication (#331)
apache/skywalking-banyandb: docs/installation/cluster.md

- `node-host-provider=hostname` : Default. The OS's hostname is registered as the host part in the address.
- `node-host-provider=ip` : The OS's the first non-loopback active IP address(IPv4) is registered as the host part in the address.
- `node-host-provider=flag` : `node-host` is registered as the host part in the address.

> ## Etcd Client Authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Etcd Authentication
```

> etcd supports through tls certificates and RBAC based authentication for both clients to server communication. This section is intended to help users set up authentication in etcd client.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`etcd` supports through tls certificates and RBAC-based authentication for both clients to server communication. This section tends to help users set up authentication for BanyanDB.
```

> ### Client-to-server authentication with username/password

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authentication with username/password
```

The etcd user can be setup by the [etcd authentication guide](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/op-guide/authentication/)

> The username/password is configured in the following command:

Reviewer: Setting a password through command-line flags when starting a Golang server can be considered a security risk. We should recommend users set through Environment Variables.

- `etcd-username`: The username for etcd client authentication.
- `etcd-password`: The password for etcd client authentication.

```shell
$ ./banyand-server storage --etcd-endpoints=your-endpoints --etcd-username=your-username --etcd-password=your-password <flags>
$ ./banyand-server liaison --etcd-endpoints=your-endpoints --etcd-username=your-username --etcd-password=your-password <flags>
```

> ### Client-to-server transport security with HTTPS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Transport security with HTTPS
```

The etcd trusted certificate file can be setup by the [etcd transport security model](https://etcd.io/docs/v3.5/op-guide/security/#example-1-client-to-server-transport-security-with-https)

- `etcd-tls-ca-file`: The path of the trusted certificate file.

```shell
$ ./banyand-server storage --etcd-endpoints=your-https-endpoints --etcd-tls-ca-file=youf-file-path <flags>
$ ./banyand-server liaison --etcd-endpoints=your-https-endpoints --etcd-tls-ca-file=youf-file-path <flags>
```

> ### Client-to-server authentication with HTTPS client certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Authentication with HTTPS client certificates
```
